Add release notes for 1.12 (#57)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: reference/ams-configuration.md

## Features

> Anbox Cloud includes some features which are not enabled by default but can be conditionally enabled. The features are enabled by flags which are configured through AMS. You can configure the feature flags either globally for all containers or per application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anbox Cloud includes some features that are not enabled by default but can be conditionally enabled. The features are enabled by flags that are configured through AMS. You can configure the feature flags either globally for all containers or per application.
```

To configure a feature globally for all containers, use a command similar to the following:

    amc config set container.feature foo,bar

To configure a feature for one application in the manifest, use a syntax similar to the following:

    name: my-app
    instance-type: a4.3
    features: ["foo", "bar"]

#### System UI

*since 1.10.2*

By default, Anbox hides the Android system UI when an application is running in foreground mode. In some use cases, however, it's required to have the system UI available for navigation purposes. This can be enabled with the `enable_system_ui` feature flag.

> The feature flag will be considered by all new launched containers once set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature flag will be considered by all newly launched containers once set.
```

> Some features can be conditionally enabled via AMS.

Reviewer: Move this line after the new content (because we're first talking about ALL features and then about SOME).

> All feature flags can either be globally configured for all containers in the AMS configuration
> 
>     amc config set container.features foo,bar
> 
> or per application in the manifest
> 
>     name: my-app
>     instance-type: a4.3
>     features: ["foo", "bar"]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the feature flags either globally for all containers or per application.

To configure a feature globally for all containers in the AMS configuration, use a command similar to the following:

    amc config set container.feature foo,bar

To configure a feature for one application in the manifest, use a syntax similar to the following:

    name: my-app
    instance-type: a4.3
    features: ["foo", "bar"]

```

#### System UI

*since 1.10.2*

> By default Anbox hides the Android system UI when an application is running in foreground mode. In some use cases it's however required to have the system UI available for navigation purposes. This can be enabled with the `enable_system_ui` feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Anbox hides the Android system UI when an application is running in foreground mode. In some use cases, however, it's required to have the system UI available for navigation purposes. This can be enabled with the `enable_system_ui` feature flag.
```

The feature flag will be considered by all new launched containers once set.

#### Virtual Keyboard

*since 1.9.0*

> The Android virtual keyboard is disabled by default but can be enabled with the `enable_virtual_keyboard` feature flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Android virtual keyboard is disabled by default but can be enabled with the `enable_virtual_keyboard` feature flag.
```

> For the feature to be considered, applications need to be manually updated as changes to allow the feature to work are only applied during the [application bootstrap process](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/managing-applications/17760#bootstrap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the feature to be considered, applications must be manually updated, because changes to allow the feature to work are only applied during the [application bootstrap process](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/managing-applications/17760#bootstrap).
```

> #### WiFi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Wi-Fi
```

*since 1.12.0*

> WiFi support can be optionally enabled. Anbox will then setup a virtual WiFi device which sits on top of an ethernet connection and simulates a real WiFi connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wi-Fi support can be optionally enabled. Anbox will then set up a virtual Wi-Fi device, which sits on top of an ethernet connection and simulates a real Wi-Fi connection.
```

> The feature flag will be considered by all new launched containers once set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature flag will be considered by all newly launched containers once set.
```
Or just:
```suggestion
The feature flag will be considered by all new containers once set.
```

> ### Android Reboot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Android reboot
```

*since 1.12.0*

> By default Android is disallowed to reboot. With the `allow_android_reboot` feature flag this can be allowed.
> 
> Please note that you have to disable the  [watchdog](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/application-manifest/24197#watchdog) if reboots are allowed.
> 
> The feature flag will be considered by all new launched containers once set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Android is not allowed to reboot. With the `allow_android_reboot` feature flag, this can be allowed.

Note that you must disable the [watchdog](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/application-manifest/24197#watchdog) if reboots are allowed.

The feature flag will be considered by all newly launched containers once set.
```
